Feature/Add toast visibility parameter (#93)
millicast/vue-viewer-plugin: README.md

| `showLabels`   | `Boolean`        | Optional  | `true`              | Show stream label in multiview mode.                                                                 |
| `environment`  | `Object`         | Optional  | `.env file content` | Plugin environment. See [Environment options](#environment-options) on how to configure.             |
| `mainLabel`    | `String`         | Optional  |                     | Allows to change the label of the main video.                                                        |
| `startingQuality` | `String` | Optional | `null`| Allows to start the stream at a specific resolution when available. Possible values: 'High', 'Medium', 'Low', <Number> specifying the desired frame height (i.e. 360). |

> | `hideToast`   | `String`          | Optional |  `null`              | Allows to hide a specific type of toast, with the capability to hide multiple types simultaneously by `,`. Accepted values: 'success', 'error', 'warning', 'info'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hideToast`   | `String`          | Optional |  `null`              | Allows to hide a specific type of toast notification. To hide multiple toast types, separate them using `,`. Possible values: `success`, `error`, `warning`, `info`. |
```

| `environment`  | `Object`         | Optional  | `.env file content` | Plugin environment. See [Environment options](#environment-options) on how to configure.             |
| `mainLabel`    | `String`         | Optional  |                     | Allows to change the label of the main video.                                                        |

> | `startingQuality` | `String` | Optional | Allows to start the stream at a specific resolution when available. Possible values: 'High', 'Medium', 'Low', <Number> specifying the desired frame height (i.e. 360). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `startingQuality` | `String` | Optional | `null`| Allows to start the stream at a specific resolution when available. Possible values: 'High', 'Medium', 'Low', <Number> specifying the desired frame height (i.e. 360). |
```

> | `hideToast`   | `String`          | Optional |  `null`              | Allows you to hide a specific type of toast, and you can hide more than one by separating them by ",". Possible values: 'success', 'error', 'warning', 'info'. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `hideToast`   | `String`          | Optional |  `null`              | Allows to hide a specific type of toast, with the capability to hide multiple types simultaneously by `,`. Accepted values: 'success', 'error', 'warning', 'info'. |
```
